---
layout: post
title:  "Indicators Systems."
date:   2017-10-27 12:40:04 +0200
categories: jekyll update
---

Authors: **Fatime Ahmeti and Miriam Steffen**

What are indicators? Why do we need them and what makes an indicator a good indicator? Such questions and many others were addressed by Pauline Plagnat (Institute of Environmental Governance and Territorial Development, University of Geneva) and discussed during our workshop in the MSc in Innovation, Human Development and Sustainability. The first question cannot be answered with sufficient clarity as there is no universally accepted definition. Some define it as being a measure of a concept, others see indicators as social tools that are built to identify social phenomenon. Irrespective of those different interpretations and perspectives, indicators become useful when we want to understand systemic changes and quantify a concept. So, indicators are basically quantified information that are used to simplify complex situations – for example the numerous challenges addressed in the 17 SDGs. Considering the very ambitious goals of the Agenda 2030, indicators are important tools to measure a country’s progress, make comparisons and use the information for policy making. 
Nonetheless, we learned that there is no indicator without weaknesses. 

The Human Development Index, for example, undoubtedly considers many more important dimensions than the GDP but still portrays a simplistic picture of development. According to Ms Plagnat a ‘good’ indicator should be useful, useable and used. It should also respond to political demand (the indicator is direct, simple and impacting) and practical demand (the data needed is readily available). When it comes to the assessment and measurement of progress in the field of sustainability, the Bellagio STAMP principles provide a solid guideline.

During the workshop we could discuss within the groups one indicator or an index and analyse various aspects of it. The aim of this short exercise was to adopt a critical approach and discuss the definition of an indicator, method that is used to measure a specific concept and argue if this indicator is useful, usable and used. One of the groups suggested to work on an indicator that can measure the food waste. It was introduced by the FAO in 2015 as an indicator for the SDG Goal 12 and is therefore a very new domain. A challenge is that many countries haven’t collected data on food waste so far. Consequently, this indicator is not operational yet. Another group analysed the gender inequality index conceived by UNDP and noted that the normative definition of indicators is mostly based on consensus of the actors involved in the decision-making process. The indicators sometimes cannot measure a certain concept because of the complexity of many global challenges. Through this exercise we learned that there is always a trade-off between data that is accessible and the accuracy of the indicator to measure an abstract concept.

